## Executive Summary Overview
<PageHeader />

**Purpose**
The Executive Business Summary, while not considered a separate module,
retrieves information from other modules for the purpose of displaying summary
financial and inventory data.

**Prerequisites**
The EXEC.CONTROL procedure should be used to enter any
control parameters and/or amounts from outside the system which are to be
considered in the processing.

**Data Files**
There is one primary data file which maintains the data directly accessed by
the EXEC.Q procedure.

The Executive file (EXEC) maintains one record for each date for which data is
generated.

**System Interface**
Data is retrieved from the Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Inventory,
General Ledger, Marketing and Purchasing modules. The normal flow of
activities in those modules generates data which is used by the
EXEC.P1 procedure.

**User Interface**
The user interface to the module consists of a data entry procedure to enter
control parameters and amounts external to the system which are to be
considered. Access to these procedures is controlled by the user's security
profile. Access to the batch procedure is usually restricted to use by only
the system administrator since these are usually run overnight.

**Setup Procedures**
The EXEC.CONTROL procedure is the only setup process which
may be performed prior to executing the EXEC.P1 process.

**Flow of Activities**
The information accessed, summarized and displayed in the EXEC.Q
procedure is generated by each of the modules listed above. The
EXEC.P1 procedure, when executed during the nighttime batch
process, should be run after any batch posting or updating procedures in those
modules.


(C) Copyright 2015, Rover Data Systems, Inc.
All rights reserved.<br>
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
