#  Enter Financial Report Frameworks (GLRPT.E)

<PageHeader />

**Form Details**  
[ Definition ](GLRPT-E-1/README.md)   
[ Accounts ](GLRPT-E-2/README.md)   

**Purpose**  
The GLRPT.E procedure is used to define financial reports which are to be
generated by the general ledger module. These reports derive data directly
from the GLBAL file and are completely user- defined. The basic concept of
this method of report definition is to provide the user with the ability to
define what will be the format of their report. In this procedure, the user
defines columns which are to appear on the report, based upon the available
options. Among those options are current year actual, current year budget,
prior year actual, prior year budget, etc. Once the type of column is defined,
lines are added to the report which define the account numbers which are to be
processed or printed. The user may, optionally, print an account number and
balance for each account number on file, limit the printing to only summary
balances, carry grand totals, etc. The following codes are available to help
control the printing of account numbers and balances:  
  
PAGE - Perform a page eject  
BLANK - Print a blank line  
LINE - Print an underline beneath each amount column  
DLINE - Print a double underline beneath each amount column  
RESET - Reset a selected running total  
SIGN - Sets a flag to reverse the signs on all subsequent amounts  
INDENT - Indent the account number / description column by one position  
UNDENT - Move the account number / description column back to the left by one
position  
TOTAL - Print the current running total for all columns  
null - The user may enter any miscellenous description for the purposes of
headings  
account number - Process the amount of the account

**Frequency of Use**  
As required.

**Prerequisites**  
The fiscal year must have been defined in the [ FY.E ](../FY-E/README.md) procedure and the account numbers must have been defined by the [ GLCHART.E ](../GLCHART-E/README.md) process. 

<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />