## Manufacturing Planning Overview
<PageHeader />

[Data Entry Procedures](../assets/MFG-ENTRY/README.md) | [Reports and Inquiries](../assets/MFG-REPORT/README.md) | [Update Processes](../assets/MFG-PROCESS/README.md)

**Purpose**
The Manufacturing Planning module provides the facilities required to
effectively plan the manufacturing process. The Primary functions within this
module are:

Master Production Scheduling (MPS)
Material Requirements Planning (MRP)
Capacity Requirements Planning (CRP)

**Prerequisites**
The Engineering and Inventory modules must be installed before using this
module. To effectively utilize the MPS and MRP functions the Marketing and
purchasing modules should also be installed, as well as the Production module.
The Production module is also required if you intend to use CRP.

**Data Files**
There are twelve primary data files which maintain the data directly
associated with the module.

The CRP Detail file (CRPD) maintains one record for each work center and date
on which a demand for capacity is present. Demand is created by work orders
that require a task to be performed at the work center. The file is keyed by a
combination of the work center and date.

The CRP Summary file (CRPS) maintains the capacity information required for
each work center. The file provides summarized information for quick access in
reports and inquiries.

The Independent Demand file (ID) maintains information regarding demand for a
part that is outside of the normal demand generated by sales orders and sales
forecast. This file is often used to identify the projected requirements for
spare parts. Each record maintains the dates and quantities forecast for the
part number.

The MPS Detail file (MPSD) maintains one record for each MPS part and date on
which an event is scheduled. Events include demands for the part and scheduled
receipts. The record is keyed by a combination of the event date and the part
number.

The MPS Output file (MPSO) contains the exploded requirements from MPS that
are passed to MRP. The file is keyed by part number.

The MPS Summary file (MPSS) maintains the MPS information for each part
number. This file is a summarized version of the the detail file (MPSD) for
the purpose of providing quick access to information about the part. The file
is keyed by part number.

The MRP Detail file (MRPD) maintains one record for each MRP part and date on
which an event is scheduled. Events include demands for the part and scheduled
receipts. The record is keyed by a combination of the event date and the part
number.

The MRP Summary file (MRPS) maintains the MRP information for each part
number. This file is a summarized version of the the detail file (MRPD) for
the purpose of providing quick access to information about the part. The file
is keyed by part number.

The Master Schedule file (MS) maintains information about the planned
production for an item. The records are keyed by part number and must exist in
the Parts file. Each record contains the dates and quantities planned for
future production of the part.

The Planning Bill file (PB) is used to define requirements for a group of
items, such as a product family. It is structured in a manner similar to that
of a bill of material, in that you may define several items within a planning
bill, which may in turn reference other planning bills. Each item referenced
in the planning bill is given a percentage to indicate how much of the
planning bill schedule, which is also defined in the Planning Bill record,
should be applied to the item. Planning Bills may be used to create sales
forecast records, production forcast, and master schedule items.

The Planned Order file (PLORD) contains the planned orders for each part as
suggested by the MRP process. The file is keyed by part number and contains
the quantities and dates on which the suggested new orders should be released.

The Sales Forcast file (SF) maintains information about forecasted sales
activity. The file is keyed by the part number which must exist on the Parts
file. Each record contains the forecasted dates and quantities for the part
number by which it is identified.

**System Interface**
This module contains interfaces to the Engineering, Production, Marketing,
Purchasing and Inventory modules. The engineering module is used to define
valid part numbers and create bills of material. Sales order demand is
generated by the Marketing module. The Purchase Order module is accessed to
retrieve parts and schedules for open purchase orders. The Inventory module is
used to determine on hand inventory balances. The production module passes
work order demand and completion information to this module.

**User Interface**
The user interface to the module consists of data entry procedures to enter
independent demand, sales forecast and master schedule items. Also available
are procedures to define planning bills and to release planned orders and
master schedule items. Reports, inquiries and batch update procedures are also
part of the Manufacturing Planning module. Access to these procedures is
controlled by the user's security profile. For example, some users may be
allowed to enter new planning bills while others may only be allowed to make
changes to existing records. Some users may only be allowed to look at the
data without the ability to change it, and some may not even be able to access
the procedure. Access to batch procedures is usually restricted to use by only
the system administrator since these are usually run overnight.

**Setup Procedures**
There are two setup processes which may need to be performed prior to
beginning the normal flow of activities, depending on which functions you want
to use.

The PLAN control record ([PLAN.CONTROL](../assets/PLAN-CONTROL/README.md)) must be setup if
you intend to do Master Production Scheduling (MPS) or MAterial Requirements
Planning (MRP). This procedure defines the parameters by which MPS and MRP are
operated including the planning horizons to be used.

The CRP control record ([CRP.CONTROL](../assets/CRP-CONTROL/README.md)) must be setup if you
intend to run the Capacity Requirements Planning (CRP) process. This procedure
defines the parameters by which CRP is operated including the planning
horizon.

In addition to the setup procedures you will need to set each part number in
the system to use MRP, MPS or Min/Max. This is done in the Enginering module
using [PARTS.E](../assets/PARTS-E/README.md). Another procedure in the Engineering module that
is required is [PARTS.P4](../assets/PARTS-P4/README.md) which sets the low level codes for all
part numbers. This process must be run at least once before
[MPS.P1](../assets/MPS-P1/README.md) or [MRP.P1](../assets/MRP-P1/README.md) are run, and must be rerun any
time the bill of material structure is changed. For this reason the
[PARTS.P4](../assets/PARTS-P4/README.md) procedure is usually included in the nightly batch
process before [MPS.P1](../assets/MPS-P1/README.md) and [MRP.P1](../assets/MRP-P1/README.md).

**Flow of Activities**
The flow of activities for Master Production Scheduling (MPS) and Material
Requirements Planning (MRP), depends on wether or not MPS is used, and how it
is used. This is because MRP will use information from MPS when it is
available. Capacity Requirements Planning (CRP) runs independently of MRP and
MPS, as does Min/Max inventory reporting.


Master Production Scheduling (MPS)

Defining Planning Bills is an option available in MPS. Planning bills allow
you to define a product or set of product options into groupings at multiple
levels in a fashion similar to the structure of a bill of materials. They are
defined using the [PB.E](../assets/PB-E/README.md) procedure. Once defined they may be used to
generate sales forecast or master schedule items using the [PB.P1](../assets/PB-P1/README.md)
procedure.

Sales Forecast is the next, optional step, in the process. Sales Forecast may
be generated through Planning Bills as described in the previous step, or
entered manually using [SF.E](../assets/SF-E/README.md). Even if you generated the forecast
from the Planning Bills you may adjust individual items with [SF.E](../assets/SF-E/README.md).

Entering Master Schedule items is the next step, although it may also be an
ongoing process. Master Schedules are entered with the [MS.E](../assets/MS-E/README.md)
procedure. Even if they were created through Planning Bills, you may still
adjust Master Schedule items with [MS.E](../assets/MS-E/README.md).

Once you have completed all of the previously described procedures that are
appropriate, you are ready to create the MPS reporting files. This is done by
running the [MPS.P1](../assets/MPS-P1/README.md) procedure. Unlike the previously described
operations, this process is run on a regular basis, usually daily or weekly,
so that the effect of ongoing transactions against inventory and sales are
taken into account. Therefore, this procedure is often setup in a nightly or
weekly batch process.

Once the MPS report files are available you can run the reporting and inquiry
procedures. [MPS.R1](../assets/MPS-R1/README.md) is used to run reports against the MPS based
on exceptions calcuated by the system. This allows you to focus on areas that
need attention without reviewing every MPS item. The [MPS.Q](../asstes/MPS-Q/README.md)
inquiry is used to look at details about individual MPS items such as demand
pegging. The [MPS.Q](../asstes/MPS-Q/README.md) inquiry is usually used in conjuction with the
[MPS.R1](../asstes/MPS-R1/README.md) report by those who are monitoring and making adjustments
to the MPS. Based on the information in the MPS the planner can make
adjustments to the MPS such as releasing existing master schedule items as
work orders and adding new master schedule items and adjusting the dates of
existing items.

Another option available to the planner is the [PLAN.E](../asstes/PLAN-E/README.md) procedure.
This procedure allows you to release master schedule items from MPS, or
planned orders from MRP and create work orders automatically based on factors
such as product category and planned date. This procedure is particularly
useful in environments where there is a high volume of orders generated.

The data generated by MPS for lower level MRP demand is automatically made
avialable to MRP. In addition you may also specify independent demand using
the [ID.E](../asstes/ID-E/README.md) procedure. This allows you to add demand for specific
items, independently of what is generated by MPS. This is useful when spare
parts are required beyond normal sales activity.


Material Requirements Planning (MRP)

The first step in using the MRP system is to generate the MRP files. This is
done by running the [MRP.P1](../asstes/MRP-P1/README.md) procedure. This process is usually
run on a regular basis, usually daily or weekly, so that the effect of ongoing
transactions against inventory, purchasing, sales and production are taken
into account. Therefore, this procedure is often setup in a nightly or weekly
batch process. If you are using MPS then you will want to make sure that the
[MPS.P1](../asstes/MPS-P1/README.md) process is run before [MRP.P1](../asstes/MRP-P1/README.md) so that the
output from MPS will be availble to MRP.

Once the MRP report files are available you can run the reporting and inquiry
procedures. [MRP.R1](../asstes/MRP-R1/README.md) is used to run reports against the MRP based
on exceptions calcuated by the system. This allows you to focus on areas that
need attention without reviewing every MRP item. The [MRP.Q](../asstes/MRP-Q/README.md)
inquiry is used to look at details about individual MRP items such as demand
pegging. The [MRP.Q](../asstes/MRP-Q/README.md) inquiry is usually used in conjuction with the
[MRP.R1](../asstes/MRP-R1/README.md) report by those who are monitoring and making adjustments
to the MRP. Based on the information in the MRP the planner can make
adjustments to the MRP such as entering and adjusting work orders and purchase
orders.

Another option available to the planner is the [PLAN.E](../asstes/PLAN-E/README.md) procedure.
This procedure allows you to release master schedule items from MPS, or
planned orders from MRP and create work orders automatically based on factors
such as product category and planned date. This procedure is particularly
useful in environments where there is a high volume of orders generated.


Min/Max Reporting

The only step required for Min/Max reporting is to run the
[INV.R5](../asstes/INV-R5/README.md) report. This report always utilizes current inventory
information and requires no pre-processing before it is run. While it is
possible to specify a part as both a Min/Max and an MRP or MPS item, it is not
recommended. A decision should be made as to which method is appropriate for
the item and it should be defined as such to avoid the possibility of
duplicate ordering due to the part appearing on more than one planning report.


Capacity Requirements Planning (CRP)

The first step in capacity planning is to run the [CRP.P1](../asstes/CRP-P1/README.md)
procedure. This process builds the CRP files required for the reporting. If
you chose the option in the [CRP.CONTROL](../asstes/CRP-CONTROL/README.md) procedure that
enables on-line update of the CRP files, then as work orders are added to the
system, the hours required are automatically added to the CRP files. This
option should be used if you are using finite loading of work orders so that
capacity is consumed as orders are added. [CRP.P1](../asstes/CRP-P1/README.md) is usually run
on a daily basis and is usually included in the nightly batch process.

To examine the capacity information you can use the report
[CRP.R1](../asstes/CRP-R1/README.md) or the inquiry [CRP.Q](../asstes/CRP-Q/README.md).


General

In addition to the procedures described above, you may also need to run some
of the purge procedures on a regular basis. The purge procedures in the
Manufacturing Planning module differ from those in other modules. Instead of
deleting entire records that have lapsed beyond a certain date, these
procedure purge schedule dates and quantities defined with records based on a
date. The procedures that perform these purges are [SF.P1](SF-P1/README.md) (Sales
Forecast), [ID.P1](../asstes/ID-P1/README.md) (Independent Demand), [MS.P1](../asstes/MS-P1/README.md) (Master
Schedule), and [PB.P2](../asstes/PB-P2/README.md) (Planning Bills).

Independent demand should be purged regularly to insure that there are no past
due requirements driving demand that has probably already been met. Sales
forecast should also be purged of past due items for the same reason, although
in some cases it may make sense to maintain a certain period of past due items
since MPS automatically consumes demand with actual demand. Master schedule
items, on the other hand, may never need to be automatically purged, but
should be instead rescheduled since they represent a planned level of
production which should not be arbitrarily changed. Since planning bills are
usually used to define a broad plan for an extended period of time, they will
only need to be purged the next time you are ready to lay out the production
plan.

(C) Copyright 2015, Rover Data Systems, Inc.
All rights reserved.<br>
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
