##  Executive Business Summary Report (EXEC.R1)

<PageHeader />

**Form Details**  
[ Form Details ](EXEC-R1-1/README.md)   

**Purpose**  
The EXEC.R1 procedure provides an report of a variety of financial and
business control figures. The intent is to provide the business executive with
a fast-access, concise look at the status of the company. All available
information is generated by date, normally on a nightly basis. The user may
enter one or more dates for which information has been generated.  
  
The Mtd/Ytd averages are a calculation of the monthly/yearly total divided by
the number of days within the month/year on which bookings/receipts/sales,
etc. actually occurred. For example, sales orders were only entered during the
month on 10 business days for a total of 12,000.00. The daily month-to-date
average would be = 12,000.00 / 10 days not 12,000.00 / 30 days.  
  
This information is also available via the [ EXEC.Q ](../../../../rover/EXEC-OVERVIEW/EXEC-REPORT/EXEC-Q) inquiry. 

**Frequency of Use**  
As required.

**Prerequisites**  
The [ EXEC.P1 ](../../../../rover/EXEC-OVERVIEW/EXEC-REPORT/EXEC-Q/EXEC-P1) procedure must have been run for the date selected. 

**Data Fields**

**SO Bookings** This row contains the dollar value of sales order booked on
the report date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with daily
averages for the month to date and year to date.  
**PO Bookings** This row contains the dollar value of purchase orders booked
on the report date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with
daily averages for the month to date and year to date.  
**Shipments** This row contains the dollar value of shipments made on the
report date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with daily
averages for the month to date and year to date.  
**Receipts** This row contains the dollar value of receipts made on the report
date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with daily averages for
the month to date and year to date.  
**Cash In** This row contains the dollar value of cash posted on the report
date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with daily averages for
the month to date and year to date.  
**Cash Out** This row contains the dollar value of cash disbursed on the
report date, month to date, quarter to date, and year to date with daily
averages for the month to date and year to date.  
**Open SOs** This row shows the dollar value of open sales orders for each of
the corresponding column periods.  
**Open POs** This row shows the dollar value of open purchase orders for each
of the corresponding column periods.  
**Open AR** This row shows the dollar value of open accounts receivable
invoices for each of the corresponding column periods.  
**Projected AR** This row shows the dollar value of projected accounts
receivable based on open sales orders for each of the corresponding column
periods.  
**Open AP** This row shows the dollar value of open accounts payable invoices
for each of the corresponding column periods.  
**Projected AP** This row shows the dollar value of projected accounts payable
based on open purchase orders for each of the corresponding column periods.  
**Period Net** Shows the net cash projected from activity in the associated
column period.  
**Cumm Net** Shows the cummulative value of the Period Net value through each
period.  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />