##  Bank Reconciliation Update Process (RECON.P1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./RECON-P1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Recon Id** Enter the recon id you wish to update in this procedure. A recon
id or date range must be entered.  
  
**Cash Account** Enter the General Ledger account number(s) for the bank
account you are reconciling. If the recon id is left blank, the cash account
must be entered into this field. If the recon id is entered, the cash account
posted to the recon record will be used.  
  
**Start Date** Enter the starting date to be used in this procedure. If a
recon id is not entered, the start and end dates are required fields. If a
recon id is entered, the start and end date from the recon record will be
used. Please note, that no recon records will be updated if multiple recon
records carry the same date range.  
  
**End Date** Enter the ending date to be used in this procedure. If a recon id
is not entered, the start and end dates are required fields. If a recon id is
entered, the start and end date from the recon record will be used. Please
note, that no recon records will be updated if multiple recon records carry
the same date range.  
  
**Create New Records** Check this box if you wish the procedure to create a
new recon record for you when one cannot be found for the specified date range
and cash account.  
  
**Load Deposits** Check this box, if you wish to load in the deposits (i.e.
cash transactions) that have not yet been cleared into the selected recon
record. The only cash records that will be loaded in are those with a date
less than or equal to the end date on the recon record.  
  
**Clear Deposits** Check this box if you wish to clear the deposits that are being loaded into the recon record from this procedure. This procedure will not clear deposits that have already been posted to the recon record. This option should only be used if alll checks received through the end date have been deposited into your bank account else the system may not be able to reconcile to the bank statement. If you accidentally clear a deposit, you can unclear it in [ RECON.E ](../../../../AR-OVERVIEW/AR-ENTRY/RECON-E/README.md) .   
  
**Load Checks** Check this box, if you want uncleared checks loaded into the
recon record for you. The only checks that will be loaded in are those with a
date less than or equal to the end date on the recon record.  
  
**Clear Checks** Check this box if you wish to clear the checks that are being loaded into the recon record from this procedure. This procedure will not clear checks that have already been posted to the recon record. This option should only be used if alll checks received through the end date have been deposited into your bank account else the system may not be able to reconcile to the bank statement. If you accidentally clear a check, you can unclear it in [ RECON.E ](../../../../AR-OVERVIEW/AR-ENTRY/RECON-E/README.md) .   
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />