##  G/L Trial Balance Report (GLBAL.R1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./GLBAL-R1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Report Period** Enter the fiscal period for which you wish to run the trial
balance. This field will default to the report period which is in the
GL.CCONTROL record.  
  
**Report Year** Enter the fiscal year for which you wish to run this report. The entry will default to the year contained in the [ GL.CONTROL ](../../../GL-ENTRY/GL-CONTROL/README.md) record.   
  
**Exclude Zero Balances** Check this box to exclude zero balances from
printing on the report.  
  
**Exclude Inactive**  
  
**Include Unposted Registers** Check this box if register records and journal
entries that are not posted through the period are to be included in the
report. Note: all unposted records from the beginning of the fiscal year
through the end of the period being reported will be included, not just the
unposted records for the reporting period. Choosing this option will likely
cause a substantial increase the amount of time required to process the
report.  
  
**Through Date** Enter the date through which unposted register records are to
be included. This only applies when the "Include Unposted Registers" box is
checked. If no date is specified then the end date for the period is used.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />