##  Customer List by Name (CUST.R1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./CUST-R1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Start Date** If you wish to select customers based on sales criteria, enter
the starting sales date in this field. If a start date, end date or sales
amount is entered only customers that match the selected sales criteria will
be included in the report.  
  
**End Date** If you wish to select customers based on sales criteria, enter
the ending sales date in this field. If a start date, end date or sales amount
is entered only customers that match the selected sales criteria will be
included in the report.  
  
**Sales Amount** If you wish to select customers based on sales criteria,
enter the sales amount in this field. Any customer with a sales amount greater
than or equal to this amount for the selected time period will be included. If
a start date, end date or sales amount is entered only customers that match
the selected sales criteria will be included in the report.  
  
**Exclude Inactive Customers** Check this box if you wish to exclude inactive customers. If this box is checked, any customer for which an inactive date was entered in [ CUST.E ](../../../AR-ENTRY/CUST-E/README.md) will not be included in this report.   
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />