##  ARTAX File Listing (ARTAX.R1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./ARTAX-R1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Start Date** If you wish to select a range of dates, enter the starting date
here. If you leave this date null, all records on file (through the selected
end date) will be printed.  
  
**End Date** If you wish to select a range of dates, enter the ending date
here. If you leave this date null, all records on file (from the selected
start date) will be printed.  
  
**Detail** If you wish to show each line of detail from the ARTAX file, enter
'D'. If you wish to summarize the detail into one line per code, enter 'S'. If
you leave this field null, detail is assumed.  
  
**Tax Code** Enter the tax code for which you would like this report. If you
leave this field null, all tax codes within the specified range will be
printed.  
  
**Include Posted** This field controls which records will be selected for
processing by this report. To list all items selected within the previously
defined criteria, either enter 'Y' or leave this field null. If you wish to
see only those records which have not yet been posted to the GL, enter 'N'. To
list only records for which the register date differs from the record date,
enter 'D'.  
  
**State** If you wish to run this report for selected states, enter the state code(s). These state codes must exist in the [ STAX.E ](../../../AR-ENTRY/STAX-E/README.md) records for this field to have an impact.   
  
**Co Code** Enter the company codes you wish included in this report. Leave
blank to include all companies.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />