##  Work Order Completion Entry (ST.E7)

<PageHeader />

##  Move Instructions

![](./ST-E7-1.jpg)

**Shop Transaction ID** The shop transaction ID does not appear on the screen
and is assigned to each item entered when it is processed after filing.  
  
**Employee ID** Enter the number of the employee posting this transaction.  
  
**Work Order** Enter the number of the work order against which the
transaction took place.  
  
**Assembly Number** This field contains the assembly number which is being
completed. The data is displayed for inquiry purposes only.  
  
**Description** Contains the description for the work order entered. This data
is displayed for information only and may not be changed.  
  
**Quantity** Enter the quantity of items completed or scrapped.  
  
**From Oper** Enter the operation from which the items were moved. The
operation number must match one of the operations listed in the routing for
the work order. As a convenience the last operation on the routing is loaded
into this field since completion transactions usually occur from that
operation.  
  
**From Work Center** The from work center ID is loaded in this field when a
from operation is entered. The work center ID is retrieved from the routing
for the work order based on the operation number.  
  
**From Description** Contains the description of the from operation for the
work order entered. This data is displayed for information only and may not be
changed.  
  
**To Inventory** Enter the inventory location into which the items are being
moved. If the location is defined as a scrap location the scrap dollars on the
work order will be updated, otherwise the completion dollars are updated.  
  
**To Description** Contains the description of the inventory location to which
the items are being moved. This data is displayed for information only and may
not be changed.  
  
**To Work Order** If the inventory location entered was a "WO" type location
then enter the work order into which the items were transferred.  
  
**Lot ID** If the item being completed from the work order is lot controlled
then enter the lot number to be assigned to the parts. You may enter a new lot
number or an existing lot number provided it has the same part number as the
items being completed. If you leave this field blank then the system will
assign the next sequential lot number.  
  
**Bin ID** Enter the bin number to which the material is being completed. This
field is only prompted when the destination inventory location is set to bin
control.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />