##  Cost Listing (COST.R1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./COST-R1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Cost Group** Enter the cost group which will be validated against [ INV.CONTROL ](../../../../INV-OVERVIEW/INV-ENTRY/INV-CONTROL/README.md) . The cost group is used to define the costing method and to group inventory locations together for averaging the cost within those locations.   
  
**C)urrent S)tandard or P)revious** Enter "C" to view the current cost or "P"
to view the previous cost. Enter "S" or leave blank to view the standard cost.  
  
**Export Data** Check this box if you will be exporting the data to Excel or a
file and you want all the data for a single part number to be on the same line
or row. If this box is not checked, the data will be stacked in columns. You
may, also, want to use this option when running the report to the grid viewer.  
  
**Part Number** If you wish to limit this report to certain part numbers,
enter those part numbers in this field. If no entry is made in this field, all
parts for which a COST records exists will be included.  
  
**Category** If you wish to limit this report to certain categories of part
numbers, enter those categories in this field.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />