##  Inventory Listing for Specified Location (INV.R12)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./INV-R12-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Location** Inventory Listing for specified locations.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Category** If you wish to limit this report to certain categories of
reports, enter the categories in this field.  
  
**Ref Bins** If you wish to limit the parts that appear on this report to parts with the same bin number, enter the bin numbers in this field. For purposes of this report the bins used are reference bins. Quantities on hand are not maintained for reference bins and the totals that appear on this report are for the location and not the bin number. If you wish to run a report that will show you the quantities on hand by bin number for bin controlled locations, use [ INV.R9 ](../../../../../rover/INV-OVERVIEW/INV-REPORT/INV-R9/README.md) .   
  
**Include Ref Bins** Checki this box if you wish the reference bins that have
been defined for a location to appear on the report. Pleae note that reference
bins are used to assist employees in locating parts in the stockroom. On hand
quantities are not maintained for reference bins.  
  
**Print Full Description** Check this box if you wish to print the full part
description. If this report is going to Excel or the grid viewer and this
option is selected, the first 500 characters of the part number will be
included in the report.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />