##  Document Entry (DOC.E)

<PageHeader />

##  Revision History

![](./DOC-E-2.jpg)

**Pending Revision** This is the pending revision of the document if it is in
draft, change in process, or signoff status. If you are creating a new
revision, enter the rev number here.  
  
**Pend Rev Desc** Enter a description of the revision or a reason for the
change.  
  
**Pend Rev Date** This is the pending revision date of the document if it is
in draft, change in process, or signoff status. It is set by the system when a
revision is started.  
  
**Pending Signoff** This displays the userid of the person who has signed off
on this pending revision.  
  
**Pending signoff date** This displays the date the associated user signed off
on this pending revision.  
  
**Pending Signoff time** This displays the time the associated user signed off
on this pending revision.  
  
**Pending signoff comments** This displays any comments entered by the
associated user when signing off the document revision.  
  
**Pending sigonff type** This displays the signoff type of the person who has
signed off on this pending revision.  
  
**Curr Rev** This is the current revision of the document if it has been
released. This is for view only.  
  
**Curr Rev Desc** The description of the current revision.  
  
**Curr Rev Eff Date** The date the current revision of the document was
released.  
  
**Current Signoff** This displays the userid of the person who signed off on
the current revision.  
  
**Current sigonff type** This displays the signoff type of the person who
signed off on the current revision.  
  
**Current signoff date** This displays the date the associated user signed off
on this current revision.  
  
**Current Signoff time** This displays the time the associated user signed off
on this current revision.  
  
**Current signoff comments** This displays any comments entered by the
associated user when signing off the document revision.  
  
**Prior Rev** This is the list of prior revisions of the document. This is for
view only.  
  
**Prior Rev Desc** This displays the reason for change for this prior
revision.  
  
**Prior Rev Eff Date** The date the prior revision of the document was
released.  
  
**Prior Signoff** This displays the userid of the person who signed off on the
prior revision.  
  
**Prior sigonff type** This displays the signoff type of the person who signed
off on the prior revision.  
  
**Prior signoff date** This displays the date the associated user signed off
on this prior revision.  
  
**Prior Signoff time** This displays the time the associated user signed off
on this prior revision.  
  
**Prior signoff comments** This displays any comments entered by the
associated user when signing off the document revision.  
  
**View Prior** Press this button to view this prior revision version of the
document.  
  
**View Pending** Press this button to view the pending revision version of the
document.  
  
**View Current** Press this button to view the current revision version of the
document.  
  
**Cancel** Click this button to cancel a pending revision. This will delete
the document from the pending file and remove the revision information.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />