##  Observed MTBF Report (FAIL.R1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./FAIL-R1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Model Number** Enter all of the model numbers you want to have included on the report or leave this field blank to include all model numbers in the listing. You may enter only those models for which MTBF data has been collected as defined in the [ MTBF.CONTROL ](../../../../../rover/MRK-OVERVIEW/MRK-ENTRY/MTBF-CONTROL/README.md) procedure. Depending on how the models were defined you may be required to enter only a portion of the model number such as a prefix rather than the specific model number.   
  
**Time Period (in months)** Enter the number of months of history to be used
in performing the MTBF calculation.  
  
**Through Month** Enter the month of the year to be used as the last period of
history. For example, if you wanted to calculate the MTBF based on the 36
month period ending 5-30-90, you would have entered 36 as the time period, 5
for the month of May in this field and 90 for the year 1990 in the next field.
You may also leave this field blank which will cause the system to use the
latest period available.  
  
**Through Year** Enter the year to be used as the last history period. For
example, if you wanted to calculate the MTBF based on the 36 month period
ending 5-30-90, you would have entered 36 as the time period, 5 for the month
of May in previous field and 90 for the year 1990 in this field. You may also
leave the field blank so that the system will use the latest period available.  
  
**Daily Operating Hours** Enter the number of hours that the units are assumed
to operate within a 24 hour period.  
  
**Operating Offset (months)** Enter the number of months from the time of
shipment that a unit is assumed not to be placed into operation.  
  
**Confidence Level** Enter the percentage to be used as the confidence level
in the MTBF calculation. You may enter one of the following values...  
  
80, 90, 95,  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />