##  Purchase Order EForm Printing (PO.F3)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./PO-F3-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Purchase Order Number** Enter the list of specific purchase orders you to
have printed. To print ranges by date or order number, leave this field empty.
To print all orders which have not yet been printed, leave all fields on this
screen empty.  
  
**Use Foreign Currency** Check this box if you want the invoice to print with
the foreign currency amount and not in U.S. dollars. The amount will print for
the currency code entered on the purchase order. If no currency code has been
entered on the order, the amount will appear in U.S. dollars.  
  
**Vendor** If you are printing purchase orders based on a date/order range
then enter the vendors you wish to include. If left blank purchase orders for
all vendors will be included.  
  
**Form Name** Select the form to be used.  
  
**Start Date** Enter the start date, if you wish to print a range of purchase
orders by date. The date which is entered here is the print date for the
purchase order.  
  
**End Date** Enter the end date, if you wish to print a range of purchase
orders by date. The date which is printed here is the print date for the
purhcase order.  
  
**Starting Order** Enter the starting purchase order, if you wish to print a
range of orders.  
  
**Ending Order** Enter the ending purchase order, if you wish to print a range
of orders.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />