##  Work Order Entry Defaults (WO.CONTROL)

<PageHeader />

##  Accounts

![](./WO-CONTROL-2.jpg)

**Material** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when material dollars are manually adjusted using the [ WOMATL.E ](WOMATL-E/README.md) procedure. The offset account for the entry is defined by the WIP location for the work order.   
  
**Outside Processing** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when outside processing is posted to a work order with the [ WOOP.E ](WOOP-E/README.md) procedure. The offset account is defined by the WIP location for the work order.   
  
**Labor** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when labor is
posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by the WIP location for
the work order.  
  
**Fixed Overhead** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when
fixed overhead is posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by the
WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Variable Overhead** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when
variable overhead is posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by
the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Material Overhead** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when
material overhead is posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by
the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Material Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when
material variance is posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by
the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Outside Proc Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used
when outside processing variance is posted to a work order. The offset account
is defined by the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Labor Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used when
labor variance is posted to a work order. The offset account is defined by the
WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Fixed Overhead Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used
when fixed overhead variance is posted to a work order. The offset account is
defined by the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Variable Ovhd Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used
when variable overhead variance is posted to a work order. The offset account
is defined by the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Material Ovhd Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used
when material overhead variance is posted to a work order. The offset account
is defined by the WIP location for the work order.  
  
**Completion Variance** Enter the general ledger account number to be used
when the remaining dollar value of a work order is written off because the
total costs and variance amounts which went into the work order are not equal
to the amounts completed or scrapped from the work order. The offset account
for the entry is defined by the WIP location for the work order.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />