##  Inactive G/L Accounts in Use Report (GLCHART.R2)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./GLCHART-R2-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Control Records?** Check this box if you want to find all inactive accounts
currently posted to a control record.  
  
**Invloc Records?** Check this box if you want to find inventory location
(invloc) records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Mrkcode Records?** Check this box if you want to find marketing code
(mrkcode) records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Open A/P** Check this box if you want to find all open accounts payables and
recurring accounts payable records with an inactive account number posted to
them.  
  
**Open A/R** Check this box if you want to find all open accounts receivable,
recurring accounts receivable and artax records with an inactive account
number posted to them.  
  
**Open Fso?** Check this box if you want to find all open field service order
(fso) records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Open G/L?** Check this box if you want to find all open g/l transaction
(gltrans) and g/l recurring (glrecur) records with an inactive account number
posted to them.  
  
**Open Po?** Check this box if you want to find all open purchase order and
purchase order requisition records with an inactive account number posted to
them.  
  
**Open Pso?** Check this box if you want to find all open point of service
records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Open So?** Check this box if you want to find all open sales order and
shipment records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Open Rma?** Check this box if you want to find all open rma and rma receipt
records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Stax Records?** Check this box if you want to find all sales tax (stax)
records with an inactive account number posted to them.  
  
**Vendor Records** Check this box if you wish to  
  
**Active Accounts**  
  
**Acct Desc**  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />