##  Define Shipping Methods (SHIP.CONTROL)

<PageHeader />

##  Ship From

![](./SHIP-CONTROL-5.jpg)

**Shipper Street** Enter your company's main address that is registered with
the carrier. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
and is an additional verification for UPS.  
  
**Shipper City** Enter your company's main address that is registered with the
carrier. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation and is
an additional verification for UPS.  
  
**Shipper State** Enter your company's main address that is registered with
the carrier. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
and is an additional verification for UPS.  
  
**Shipper Zip** Enter your company's main address that is registered with the
carrier. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation and is
an additional verification for UPS.  
  
**Shipper Country** Enter your company's main address that is registered with
the carrier. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
and is an additional verification for UPS.  
  
**Ship From Street** Enter the physical address that the product will be
shipping from. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
along with the ship to address on the sales order.  
  
**Ship From City** Enter the physical address that the product will be
shipping from. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
along with the ship to address on the sales order.  
  
**Ship From State** Enter the physical address that the product will be
shipping from. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
along with the ship to address on the sales order.  
  
**Ship From Zip** Enter the physical address that the product will be shipping
from. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation along
with the ship to address on the sales order.  
  
**Ship From Country** Enter the physical address that the product will be
shipping from. This will be passed to UPS during the freight rate calculation
along with the ship to address on the sales order.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />