##  Costed Multi-Level Bill of Material Comparison to Average (BOM.R10)

<PageHeader />

##

![](images/BOM-R10-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Cost Group** Enter the cost group which will be validated against [ INV.CONTROL ](../../../../INV-OVERVIEW/INV-ENTRY/INV-CONTROL/README.md) . The cost group is used to define the costing method and to group inventory locations together for averaging the cost within those locations. You must choose a cost group that is average or lot cost method.   
  
**Effective Date** Enter the date to be used for the bill of material
effectivity date. Bill of material line items will be included or excluded
based on the start and end effectivity dates for each item relative to the
date entered.  
  
**Start BOM** Enter the starting bill of material number if you want to report
on a range of BOM's. Leave blank to report on all bill of materials.  
  
**Ending BOM** Enter the ending bill of material number if you want to report
on a range of BOM's. Leave blank to report on all bill of materials.  
  
**Pct Variance** Enter a percent variance. If a bill of material calculated
average cost compared to the average inventory cost is outside of this
variance (+ or -) it will be included on the report. Leave blank to include
all variances.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />