## A/P Entry (AP.E)
<PageHeader />

**Form Details**
[Header](../AP-E-1/README.md)
[Line Items](../AP-E-2/README.md)
[Related AP Items](../AP-E-3/README.md)
[Register History](../AP-E-4/README.md)
[Attachments](../AP-E-5/README.md)

**Purpose**
The AP.E procedure is used to enter new accounts payable records into the
system and to invoice accrual records created through the receipts posting
process. The procedure consists of four screens. The first screen contains the
header information such as vendor, terms, freight and miscellaneous charges.
The second screen contains detail information about the products or services
for which you are being billed, such as part number, standard and actual cost
and the distribution of the amounts over the general ledger account numbers
being charged. This information is automatically populated by the Receipts
posting procedure and is not normally used when entering miscellaneous AP
items.

The third screen contains a list of the related AP items. This screen is most
commonly used in the following two ways:

1\. If you are purchasing material from your vendors using a company credit
card, the receipt of that material will cause an AP item to be generated. When
the bill arrives from the credit card company, enter the invoice as a
miscellaneous AP entry and enter all of the AP items generated by the receipts
on the Related AP tab. When the record is saved, all of the items listed as
related AP items will be automatically closed (even if still in an accrual
status) and a reference to the new, miscellaneous AP record will be placed
both in the header notes field, and the check number field.

2\. If your vendor sends you one invoice for multiple receipts / AP items, you
can use the same procedure as above, entering the previously created items on
the Related AP tab, in order to close them all with one invoice.

The fourth screen is the AP register history, showing all amount and account
activity, and is for reference only.

When an invoice is received for a material receipt, an accrual record will
have been created by the [RECEIPTS.P1](../RECEIPTS-P1/README.md) procedure and contain
as much information as was known at the time the purchase order was entered.
Updating this record with the actual amounts from the invoice will convert it
from an accrual to an open accounts payable item.

Debit AP records can also be created via the [CHECKS.E](../CHECKS-E/README.md)
procedure when a prepayment type check is entered. This type of AP record will
have the invoice amount equal to the negative check amount. They cannot be
updated in AP.E.

Once filed, the APREG file (Accounts Payable Register) is updated for all
dollar amounts on the record. If an existing record is filed, the net effect
of any changes will be posted.

Accounts payable items may be deleted provided that no payments have been made
against the record, and provided that the user have delete rights.

**Frequency of Use**
As required.

**Prerequisites**
Initialization of the Accounts Payable control record ([AP.CONTROL](../AP-
CONTROL/README.md)), and entry of the vendor and terms records to be referenced. If
the items are for inventoried parts, the part number must exist on the Parts
file and the inventory locations must exist on the Invloc file.

<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
