##  Purchase Order Printing (PO.F2)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./PO-F2-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Print Company Name** heck this box if you want the company name and address
printed on the page. You would normally check this box if you were printing to
blank paper so that the company name would appear on the form. Leaving the box
unchecked allows you to use standard letterhead which already contains the
company name and address.  
  
**PO Item** Enter all of the items you want to have printed.  
  
**Vendor** If you are printing purchase orders based on a date/order range
then enter the vendors you wish to include. If left blank purchase orders for
all vendors will be included.  
  
**Co Code** If you are printing purchase orders based on a date/order range
then enter the company codes you wish to include. If left blank sales orders
for all company codes will be printed.  
  
**Start Date** Enter the start of the date range for which you wish to print
purchase orders. This date is used to select orders which were printed on a
selected date (not necessarily the purchase order date).  
  
**End Date** Enter the end of the date range for which you wish to print
purchase orders. This date is used to select orders which were printed on a
selected date (not necessarily the purchase order date).  
  
**Start Order** Enter the starting order number to print, if you wish to print
a range of orders.  
  
**End Order** Enter the ending order number to print, if you wish to print a
range of orders.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />