##  Purchase Requisition Entry (POREQ.E)

<PageHeader />

##  Summary Line Item

![](./POREQ-E-3.jpg)

**Total Price** This field contains the total price for this requisition. It
is displayed for reference only and cannot be changed. If tax has been applied
to this requisition, the tax amount will be included in the total price.  
  
**Line Item** Enter the line item number to be associated with each item to be
purchased. To assign the next sequential number automatically enter the letter
"N".  
  
**Part Number** If you are requesting the procurement of an inventory item
enter the part number identifying the item in this field. If you are
purchasing non-inventory items (e.g. items without a part number) you may
leave this field blank and describe it in the description field.  
  
**Desc** If you entered a part number at the part number prompt the
description from the parts master for the part will be loaded into this field.
If you did not enter a part number you should enter a description of the item
being requested here.  
  
**Schedule Date** Enter the dates on which you want the items to arrive.  
  
**Schedule Quantity** Enter the quantity of the item to be received on each of
the associated dates. The quantity should be specified in the vendor's unit of
measure.  
  
**Price** If you know the price the vendor is expected to charge for the items
enter it here.  
  
**Price Per** If the vendor charges a price per some number of units, for
example per 100 units, enter the number of units in this field.  
  
**Buy Um** Enter the unit of measure in which the supplier will be providing
the items.  
  
**UM Factor** If the unit of measure in which the item is stocked internally
is different than the unit of measure in which the vendor supplies the items,
enter the factor by which the vendor's quantity is to be multiplied to convert
the quantitiy into the internal unit of measure. For example, if you were
purchasing cleaning solvent that you inventoried by the bottle, but the vendor
sold it to you by the case, with 24 bottles to a case, you would enter the
number 24 in this field. Fractional quantities may be entered as well.  
  
**Extended Line Item Price** This field contains the extended price for the
line item. This field is displayed for reference only and cannot be changed.
If tax has been applied to this requisition, the tax amount will be included
in the extended price.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />