##  Create Physical Inventory Records (PHYS.P1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./PHYS-P1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Create Tags?** If you wish to create inventory tags for all inventory items
with a quantity on hand, check this box. If this box is not checked, you will
need to manually assign those tag numbers when entering in the physical
counts. However, if you are using the standard trakker (scanner) procedures to
count inventory, the tag numbers will automatically be assigned for you.  
  
**Zero out Inventory** If this box is checked, inventory tags will be
generated for all existing part numbers with a quantity on hand. These tags
will be created with a count quantity of zero which will offset the existing
quantity on hand.  
  
**Percent Blank** Enter the percentage of blank tags to be created. If the
inventories selected create 1000 physical tag records, and a percentage of 10
is entered, then an extra 100 blank tags will be created. If the create tags
box is not checked, not blank tags will be generated.  
  
**Plan Group** Enter the plan group for which you are creating physical tags.  
  
**Inventory Locations** The inventory locations which will be included in the
physical inventory. These are automatically loaded from the INV Control record
and cannot be changed in this procedure.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />